224 Added styleConstants object to provider (#292)
Headstorm/foundry-ui: README.md

See the [Form demo example](https://headstorm.github.io/foundry-ui/?path=/story/form-example--controlled-form) and [source code](./src/components/Examples/Form.stories.tsx)

### Global Styling / Provider

> FoundryProvider provides global styling utilities and the option to store constants globally by setting styleConstants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FoundryProvider provides global styling utilities and the option to store custom constants globally through the `styleConstants` attribute.
```
